:memo:(project) add WebSocket backend documentation (#157)
openfun/ralph: docs/backends.md

The only required parameter is the `path` we want to list or stream content
from.

### WebSocket

> WebSocket backend is **read-only** and can be used to get live logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webSocket backend is **read-only** and can be used to get real-time events.
```

Author: ✔️

> If you use the OVH's LDP, you can retrieve a WebSocket to test your data stream :
> 
> > Data stream > Monitor in real time > Action > Copy WebSocket address

Reviewer: I would mark this as a citation block (remark) pointing to the official documentation:

```suggestion
> If you use OVH's Logs Data Platform (LDP), you can retrieve a WebSocket URI to test your data stream by following instructions from the [official documentation](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/logs-data-platform/ldp-tail/#retrieve-your-websocket-address).
```

Author: ✔️ I cropped it to three lines : 

```md
> If you use OVH's Logs Data Platform (LDP), you can retrieve a WebSocket URI to test your
> data stream by following instructions from the
> [official documentation](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/logs-data-platform/ldp-tail/#retrieve-your-websocket-address).
```
